this place was one of my favorite restaurants to eat at while visiting Boston! we came on a friday evening around 6:30 and to my surprise the wait wasn't too long! we had a party of 2 and I think we waited approximately 15 minutes until we were seated. I definitely recommend coming earlier because around 7pm, the line was out the door. we ordered their takoyaki, sweet potato tempura, sukiyaki, and mentaiko cream udon. their takoyaki was delicious. it was crispy on the outside but soft on the inside. their sweet potato tempura was absolutely delicious. it was basically sweet potato fries and when you pair it with their sauce it's like perfection. their sukiyaki was recommended by one of our friends and you could not go wrong with ordering it. it's a hot udon with plenty of beef slices and is really flavorful. their mentaiko cream udon is a cold udon with a main topping of crab and it was delicious. I was a little hesitant to try a cold udon but this did not disappoint. their portions are huge and we had enough leftovers for another full meal so I would keep that in mind when ordering.

This is my third time going back to Futago Udon and it is still a solid choice for a lunch time meal. Even so, having been a couple times, many of the dishes are very similar with the same broths and couple toppings just rotated around. It's good, but lacking variety if you plan to come back a couple times. Additionally, the $7.50 price tag on 6 tiny shumai is not worth it.

Located right by Boston University, Futago Udon is a great spot for noodles! I loved the broth of both dishes we got and the food came out quick. The servers were willing to answer questions if you have any confusion. Be careful about the time you come by - at noon, we were lucky to get seated at the last table and saw many people have a wait which is a testament to how good the food is.

We came on a Wednesday at 5pm. Service was good and fast. We got uni Cream Udon, Cheese Niku Curry, Fried oysters and Purple Sweet potatoes tempura. The uni Cream was delicious. You can definitely taste the freshness of the uni and crab. Udon is definitely worth it. Cheese Niku Curry was flavourful and cheesy. The broth was rich. The fried oysters were crispy and delicious.  Purple Sweet Potato Tempura was crunchy and sweet. Pretty small place. Overall, a good meal. Pricy but worth it

A solid flavorful udon spot! The service was good and the ambiance was nice it was quite busy during dinner time. Overall it tasted good nothing mind blowing but it's a solid choice for udon the price is a little high but the portion is bigger than your normal udon spot.

this was such a yummy spot! everything we got was delicious. love love love the sweet potato tempura, practically inhaled it, it came out fresh, battered well, and was so yummy with the spicy mayo (?) dipping sauce. the takoyaki was also really yummy, made to order.we also got the sukiyaki, which had a lot of beef/toppings, the broth is on the sweeter side though. the mentaiko cream udon was nice! it came with a lot of crab meat and the salty mentaiko paired well with the cold creamy broth. the udon itself was nice and a really good amount of chewy.the portions are huge and both ended up bringing half of each bowl home. would probably share next time, since we ordered a few apps. also definitely come earlier, it got sooo busy around 7-8pm

So delicious! I have been coming here for years and it never disappoints! The service is nice and surprisingly quick even when it's crowded. It's got a great vibe and is very pretty but open even though it's a small space. It's my favorite 'second-date' restaurant hahaha

favorite udon place in boston! good prices and good food. i'm not a huge meat fan, so i really like their vegetarian udon. my advice about adding an egg to the udon (1) don't do it (not worth price and (2)  if you  do, make sure to tell staff if you do not want the egg to be completely runny as that is the default. overall a great place that i go to almost every couple of months!

TL;DR: Udon place with lots of variety of cold and hot noodles, and so good!Stopped by here for a quick bite for dinner and was very impressed. I had never had cold udon noodles before, and it was great!Interior is cute with some nice decor and plenty of seating. Service was nice, quick, and attentive. FOOD: ~Cold Uni Udon (5/5): Cold dish! I love uni and ikura, so this hit the spot. The broth/sauce was a dashi flavor. Mixed it all up and was the perfect balance of umami and salty. The coldness of the dish really ensured the integrity of the udon noodles, and they were so perfectly chewy~Sukiyaki Udon (5/5): Hot dish! Tasted like hot pot! The beef was very tender and had a decent amount of cabbaged that was perfectly braised. I loved this dish.This is definitely a must try!

Very popular udon spot near Allston/Brookline with a large menu and generous portions. Most recently tried the uni cream udon which was simple but filling with a generous amount of uni for the price. My partner got the sukiyaki udon which he also enjoyed. Not the best bowls of udon in the city but hits the spot!

such a great udon spot! i got the cheese niku curry udon. the portions are very generous with lots of meat and udon. looking forward to trying their cold noodle dishes when the weather gets warmer. the ambience of the restaurant is very nice and the service was great! we were sat very quickly even though it was quite busy. we ended up sitting at a communal table with other couples, but it wasn't a problem at all!

