Kaju is like one of those hidden gems that you would overlook at first based on first glance. It looks a little like a hole-in-the-wall place in a not very fancy area of Allston. When you enter, you're greeted by friendly servers and plenty of seating. We came in around 5, and it wasn't too busy, but by time we left, the restaurant was full. Portion size is not huge, but I think it's good enough. I got a combo with the mini soontofu soup and galbi, and even with sharing the meat with someone else, I was plenty full. The combinations come with a smaller bowl of soup. Overall, Kaju is nice to have around the area if you're looking for good Korean soul food.

we came here for lunch, toughest part is parking, but we lucked out and had a front door parking space. the pork belly dish was a bit too much fat. the tofu soup was very delicious. they have so much tofu in the soup which made it even better if you like tofu. they gave us a good amount of noodles. the noodles was really good and flavorful.

Amazing food and staff! Our family loves the BBQ chicken, tofu soup and bulgogi. The glass noodle soup is also yummy. The bonchon (complementary small plates) are fantastic. Staff is super friendly. Warm environment.

Probably the best tofu soup (kimchi and oyster) I've ever had. They also have amazing seafood and scallion pancakes!  Authentic and a must got to restaurant!

Stopped by here for a casual lunch with friends. The place is pretty unassuming and small. Service was okay, but they forgot the sprite my friend ordered (but maybe we had to grab the can ourself? Not sure). We each got our own dishes-- the bulgogi clay pot, galbi claypot, bulgogi noodle soup, shrimp shumai, and beef and calamari tofu soup. Mine was the galbi-- I the meat was sweet and tender. Definitely not for those who don't like sweet and savory. The whole dish was pretty oily, but somehow the rice didn't crisp up (I let the rice sit to do so) like it normally should with stone pots. My friend's clay pot rice also didn't crisp up :( The veggies were kinda lackluster, just some lettuce and slices of carrot and radish. I will say that they gave a lot of meat, and to a good ratio of rice. The portion was definitely shareable between two people if you don't have a big appetite. My friends had mixed reviews about their food. Soondubu had pleasant remarks. The shumai and bulgogi noodle soup were reported to be bland (we all agreed about the shumai). This restaurant is good if you want a quick and filling fix for Korean food, but not among the best Korean food I've had.

jose the server was great, amazing  customer service. very professional. food was great as well.

My daughter took my husband and I to this wonderful place and the soup was wonderful!  The staff is very helpful! Uber or if you live close walk!  We drove and luckily found a space to park.  The place is small but it is so worth getting the Tofu soup.  The other items are so well prepared!

Lovely staff members! I always got seated quickly and food was very timely! I've only gotten  the tofu soup but uuuf so good every time

I've been on the hunt for some great Kimchi jjigae and I gotta say this place has some insane soup. I got the spicy level and it was so good!!! The kimchi pancakes were also great (not insane). The staff is nice and the place is charming.

Good food, inexpensive, good portions. The place is always crowded. Going on weekdays have a better chance for sitting. Hard to fine parking around that area.

