Scallop is good. Scallop is huge, with plenty of vermicelli. I think they raise the price as I thought I saw in previous review that it was $8 per scallop. Now, it is $9. Sizzling beef. This taste nasty.  First of all, I didnt see any sizzling when it is deliver to my table.  2nd, the beef taste mushy, like it is liquefy when you put in your mouth. I was joking to my wife if it is even beef....Beef chow fun and the vegetable dish.  Not too impressive, definitely doesn't taste as good as the restaurant across the street.  We order the same dish a day ago.Overall, I notice that there aren't many Chinese patron in this restaurant compare to the one across the street.  Maybe the food here tailored to American palette?

Food was decent but nothing special. I had seen rave reviews and it was labeled as a "must go" restaurant. Some food was served luke warm and others, like the beef in the beef fried rice, was served undercooked.

The best Chinese seafood restaurant with top notch service.  Tom runs the ship and he is the man with the finest live seafood recs.  You won't be disappointed in anything!  This is money!

One of the best Chinese seafood meals I've had outside of Hong Kong and Macau.  I was just in NYC Flushing and Tribeca area Chinatown, which both provided excellent, I mean excellent service and amazing comforting real deal homey experiences.  Then again here in Boston, same exact experience.  This lead me to believe that East Coast Chinese restaurants are much much better than SF Bay Area for sure, LA/OC I usually don't do much Chinese food so for SF Bay Area, yes NYC and Boston is exponentially that much better from food to service to a smile.The pennisula, I'm talking Millbrae to San Mateo, many and most Chinese restaurants have bad service, rushed service, and quality of food they think is bomb, actually suck compared to East Coast.  I remember at The Kitchen, only 2hrs into the dinner with a table of 12, the manager asks us to hurry to finish because there are people waiting, wow really.  In my family restaurant in Macau, we tell people waiting in line, that unfortunately you will not be served because we don't rush out our customers.  And in NYC and Boston, so so nice people, their service so so fast and food is just amazing.  Here at Peach Farm we didn't need to spend alot of time during dinner.  Every dish came flying out, we had to eat fast because that huuuugggeee scallop with vermicelli $8, is piping hot and delicious, we can't let it sit there anymore, hurry!!!  So hot that it slightly burns your mouth, its ok, well worth it for the OMG euphora of seafood that keeps coming, then whoa, the server said we got fresh AF oysters, steamed black bean, piping hot again, hurry!!!!!  swallow that scallop and let's go with the fat fat juicy oyster, pour the juices and the black beans over a half bowl of steamed white rice, take a big bite of oyster OMG its burning again, shove ass much rice as you can in your mouth with the oyster, chew, swallow, close your eyes, wow...all of this heavenly experience while our table is surrounded by other loud and happy cheering customers but in our table, it is zero talking a few minutes, with stares to each other from the crazy happyness of this meal...every single dish...swimming shrimp, salt & pepper, eat the whole head shell everything, so nice, I can still taste it and my mouth is watering writing this review.  Server hooked us up with tong sui, haven't had in a long long time with yams.  Super nice lady, super nice guy who took order and brought out 3.5 live lobster in a bucket, wow haven't seen that in a while too.  Real deal Chinatown Boston.  I grew up in SF Chinatown, use to be somewhat like this when I was a kid, not anymore.  SF bougie folks messed it up for all of us who appreciate how the food should be served and not catered to how people's diet change.  SF Chinatown Chinese servers even try to speak English all the time to showoff they know to everyone especially me who can speak chinese, I tell them let's stick with chinese.  I have no idea what you're trying to say in English and I actually don't know how to say many chinese dishes in English.East Coast Chinese Seafood all the way.

Food and prices are great- so if that's all you're after then this is a good spot!  Service isn't the best but I've had worse.  The "decor" is definitely lacking and ambience, well there really isn't any.  So don't expect a romantic atmosphere or take your date here if they're expecting much more.  However, if you want great Chinese food then you won't be disappointed.

Best chinese food we had in a while. I was craving chinese food, and we were visiting from out of town and stumbled on this place since we were staying close by. I ordered the salt and pepper fried shrimp, this was my favorite. It was crunchy and seasoned well, not too salty. We thought that the servings were small so we ordered 4 dishes for the 2 of us. The bill came out to $110 with 2 drinks.

Spicy soft shell crab - say no more. Awesome meal, speedy and polite service. I'll be back!

Great service/recommendation by staff.  All dishes were so great especially the stir fried eel.  Next time we visit Boston, Peach Farm will definitely be on the itinerary.

Small, underground restaurant in Bostons Chinatown with great food. I looked through their menu beforehand and was excited to see they had taro duck, one of my favorite duck dishes that can be hard to find. I really liked the sauce they served it with and portion was pretty big.

It's interesting how variable the reviews are for Peach Farm. I have been here twice so far and both times were a hit! It is one of my go-to spots for Chinese seafood in Boston. My favorites are the twin lobster (I think this is a great price for what you get), spicy fried squid, and whole flounder. Both times the food was on point and I left feeling stuffed and satisfied. Overall for the quality and quantity of seafood, the price was solid for Boston level pricing (especially given a lobster roll at an American place can be similar if not more expensive than the lobster dish here which imo has more meat). The menu is very extensive so I'm looking forward to coming back and trying other dishes (the table next to us got the peking duck which looked phenomenal!).For lunch, there really wasn't much of a wait, but when I went for dinner on Christmas day, the wait was over an hour so I was so glad I had a reservation. The restaurant can get very very busy so plan accordingly.

Delicious food, good service, ambiance was interesting... the people-watching was top-notch.

