I ordered one Phở Đặc Biệt to go and received this when I got home. The texture of the pho wasn't even pho but it's another noodle texture instead. They gave me only one piece of fat meat and nothing else. I'm very disappointed as a Vietnamese person myself. Paid $15 and received this.

Honestly, I could go to a better place who I could get a better service with good humor people rather than going to this place where they could treat people like they own others. No dignity or respect all the above. I can say that when you step in there it would be a whole mess where or when they act like they treat you either like trash or seems like they don't know you. The menu is high not as all other places and the food went down the hill just like how their attitude, there's no difference at all. I wouldn't recommend anyone's come to this place, just waste of your dime out of your pocket rather than going to the place who can treat you better.

I got the stir fried noodle with beef (sort of like beef chow fun). This was delivered and it was in a group context. It was very good and everyone got what they requested in their order. My dish was a great portion with a lot of beef in it which was really nice to see. I'd order again. :)

Food is really good but the service is not the best. Sometimes they wait to see if you tip and watch as you sign the receipt, that really throws me off from this place but I love the chicken pho.

8/10 Food was good the beef jus had alot of fat on it so i had to pick it off before eating it and the carrots was VERY BIG !!!! But other than that the service was amazing

Bo 7 món is good overall. Good portion for 3 adult. The fried rice is also good as well. Service is great  and quick.

Holy Moly. This restaurant lives in my head rent free. This ambiance is a typical Vietnamese restaurant, nothing crazy -- but they hit the food 10/10. It was very affordable and all of the dishes we got were spectacular. I come here whenever I'm around.

Came here for lunch around noon, and it was not very crowded.  The friendly staff was able to sit us quickly and take our orders.  We both just ordered pho, and it was decent.  The soup was sweet, very flavorful.  The noodles were perfectly cooked with a nice chewy texture.  The side dish veggies were all very fresh.  The only issue is that the beef round steak was overcooked already when the pho was served.

I've been here many times for pho but this was the first time I tried the vermicelli bowl. It was absolutely delicious. Really nice grilled prawns, well-seasoned shrimp paste, and perfectly grilled chicken. The tables are a little close together, but they do have partitions in between to separate the different parties. So good though. Definitely give them a try!

Stopped in on a weekday night for dinner. The space is much bigger than it appears on the outside. Tables are a little close to each other but they still have the plexiglass up. We were seated immediately, and the waiter stopped by to drop off hot tea and took our orders.I ordered my go to, pho tai in the large size. I asked for the bean sprouts cooked and they were nice enough to accommodate! They give plenty of herbs; more than enough I would say. First impression of the soup was that it was pretty clear, piping hot and good flavor without being salty. Beef slices were tender and plenty. Very satisfying bowl of soup, I finished the entire bowl!We had to flag down waitstaff anytime we needed anything but this is as expected. Overall a good experience, we will be back!

