Very fresh fish! Very nice hole in the wall sushi spot in Boston. best raw fish I've had in east coast. Probably not the best place to take your time in given the space. Staff was quiet and nice! The prices honestly are pretty good for quality and quantity.

This is my favorite restaurant in Boston by far. There is a line at peak dinner time since this is a very small space and it's first come, first serve. If you are coming with a large group, I recommend coming slightly before or after peak times. The service is always very fast. The fish is always so fresh. My normal go to is either the sake aisuru don or the tottori don.

TL;DR: great quality sushi bowls, cute interior vibes, nice serviceMy friends and I were doing a food tour all around Boston, and we stopped by this spot to get some more sushi. We were able to snag a seat since it was right before dinner time. FOOD: ~Uni Ikura Don (5/5): came with heaping amount of ikura and uni. The rice was tasty and everything was fresh~Tora Don (5/5): This came with SO much fish. The assortment was great and all the fish was so freshHighly recommend for high quality and quantity sushi bowls!

The mackerel, tuna, and squid here are pretty spectacular. Salmon is decent, but I tend to find east coast salmon lacking in general. We came on a Friday night with no reservation and waited for about 20 minutes for a party of 3. K13: Salmon, mackerel, tuna, squid, shrimp, and uni. It was a mid-sized bowl with a side of miso. Presentation is stunning. Would recommend.Sake: We had two servings of the yuzu sake. It was DELICIOUS. Fruity, smooth blend of flavors.

Small but cozyFresh fish with lots of options. I personally wouldn't have gotten my bowl again. Ramen was goodService is on the slower side

Wow! This place was amazing from the moment we walked in. Super chill vibe, excellent service and the most delicious sushi I've had this year. It was gobbled up so quickly I missed the best pics. It is a tiny place so I recommend coming early. I can't stop thinking about our meal and look forward to coming back.

An absolute gem in Chinatown! They only take walk-in and the space is pretty small, so keep that in mind if you have a big party. The service was quick and friendly, I love it. And the food, OMG! Everything we got tasted so fresh and delicious. They also have some amazing deal for lunch menu as well, definitely recommend!

OMGEEE the sake toro was AMAZINGGG sooo buttery and melted in your mouth! Also tried the pork bowl and each piece was decadent! Definitely worth the wait and place was super cozy

Amazing food quality, service, and presentation! The staff also gave me suggestions on which don to choose. The wait was pretty short as a solo diner and the food came out extremely fast. I had a dinner at the bar with the sake maguro hamachi don, which came with three fresh and thick slices of each fish type and was paired with sushi rice, fresh grated wasabi, ginger, pickled daikon, and miso soup. It was nice to try the different types of fish, all really fresh and tasty paired with soy sauce and toppings, and the set was definitely filling. I definitely plan to come back and try their other dons!

Nice quiet Japanese place in Boston's Chinatown. Super chill place to get a fairly quick bowl. Service- fast and easy. THEY HAVE A WAIT SYSTEMFood- It's hard to mess up fresh fish unless its not fresh. This is fresh. Again, fast but good. Lowkey wanna try the wagyu next time. Nagahama was right for me this time.

