If I could give 0 stars I would and I barely ever leave reviews but this experience was just ridiculous. My friend and I arrive at 7pm with a rush of people, totally fine, nobody at the hostess desk but there is a sign directly in front of the hostess stand saying join the online waitlist with this QR code so we did, and then we decided since there was 20+ parties ahead of us according to the waitlist that we will walk around the area as to not crowd the front of the restaurant because there were many parties waiting. We waited ~1 and a half hours after the number on the waitlist started going down (it only went down a few parties in that hour and a half, so with still 20+ parties ahead I told my friend we should go back to see if its accurate because I started getting suspicious) then we went back to the restaurant where there was still a crowd. There was still no one at the host stand so we stood inside for maybe 15 to 20 minutes before someone came and asked us if we joined the waitlist which I said I did and he asked the number it gave me which I gave him. He pressed some buttons on an ipad then walked away. Someone in the front also waiting came up to me after that and said "Yeah, apparently that waitlist that they tell you to join online doesn't count unless you actually physically check in with the guy." Which shocked me because neither the worker who just walked away NOR the sign that was directly in front of the hostess stand stating to join the waitlist said this, a random passerby happened to see I was slightly annoyed by the lengthy wait time and told me this. When the worker finally came back again 10+ minutes later I went up to him and asked for clarification on the process here because at that point it was 9pm (mind you my friend and I arrived at 7:01 in our Uber) and he was telling people last call was at 9:30pm. He told me yeah you have to join this waitlist online and then give me the number and then I put you in line to get a table... I asked okay why isn't that communicated anywhere like this sign here does not say that and there is no one here to ask, to which he said yeah there is the sign for the waitlist which you have to join. I then told him I'm still confused then what is the point of me joining online if I have to check in in person? He told me "oh I'm not really sure but this is really for the weekdays only" which also made no sense because this WAS a weekday (Friday April 5, 2024) so I again said I'm confused on what that means and if the online waitlist isn't needed why do you have a sign in front of your restaurant stating you need to join a waitlist that is non existent or not even actually being tracked by the restaurant? The worker then started telling me he didn't make the rules and he does not have an answer for me which is horrible customer service. If someone was in my establishment making a valid complaint about clarity on how to simply get a table at the restaurant, that is something you need to pass on to your management OR call a manager to come talk to the person, not just be like "oh well, too bad".... So I waited 2+ hours for food that wasn't even that good and is also self serve and then when I'm leaving the people cleaning are standing on the same counters that they serve the buffet food on WITH THEIR SHOES/SNEAKERS ON to clean the lights‍I know this is a franchise so maybe other locations are better.

This AYCE hotpot place now includes unlimited meat! Pricing was about $30 per person, which is reasonable. Its a few dollars more per person than Spring Shabu Shabu but you get unlimited meat, but less veggie and overall choices. Drinks were included as well, so you could get sodas. Happy Lamb has a more curated selection of offerings. Rather than overwhelming you with lots of choices, they are careful to offer a little bit of everything to ensure everyone has something they enjoy. I was surprised they had intestines and beef tendon! Sounds gross but pretty tasty to me. Avoid the hot prepared foods as those were not good at all. For our family of 4, we had to share one divided pot with 2 choices for broth. For sauces, you are pretty limited here compared to Spring Shabu. The unlimited meats were decent and fresh looking. Our favorite is the fatty beef. The pork wasn't that great. Lamb and chicken is an option. They had some fish at the self serve areas for you to pick up. The restaurant overall is much smaller as well but that means less crowds to deal with. Good luck finding a table at Springs unless you time your visit to when they open, or after the 1st wave. The place looked and felt clean. I'm looking forward to our next visit.

I really wish I could love the Happy Lamb chain but after trying Chinatown, Cambridge, and now Allston I can say that I really don't like this place as much as everyone else does. First want to mention the positives which are the all you can eat price that includes meat (27-32? I believe) depending on the day of the week. The all you can eat is buffet style and there's a good amount of ingredients, as well as dessert, drinks, and fried rice/spring rolls. For the price this is the best deal you can get in Boston (Spring shabu is cheaper but comes with less). The ingredients are fresh and I like the drinks and appetizer options. This location in particular is big and fits a good amount of people.For the downsides, I do not like the broth here. I realized it the first time I went but the "mala" broth is Mongolian mala not Chinese so it has a strong curry spice taste which I don't hate but I'm not the biggest fan. It's also not very spicy which is something I prefer in my hotpot broth. The second thing is the meat. The thinly sliced meats are good but the garlic and spicy beef (on the small round plates) are really gross and chewy and terrible quality. I would stick to the beef, pork, lamb, or chicken slices. Since there's so many hotpot places I like better, I will not be returning to happy lamb. If you don't care about the broth flavors or the meat quality I would say this is a good spot but for high quality premium hotpot this is not the place. I'd rather go to DLY across the street, La Mei, Qiao Lin, Spring Shabu etc.

I've been to a different Happy Lamb location (Chicago Chinatown) and it was a little different. There were less choices of meat and you got everything besides the meat by yourself. I didn't mind getting my own since it let me decide if I wanted more/less than I would typically get if it was them bringing it. The broth was very flavorful (original and spicy dual) and if it got low, they would come by and refill. The staff were attentive and very nice, and never felt like I had to get their attention. I came when it opened on a Saturday and it filled up really quickly. Even though it was packed, I never felt like I got ignored or anything. And the place was very clean and tidy. I really loved their fish balls - those are definitely my favorite part of hot pot. You're even able to make your own bubble tea - I put unsweetened tea, black sugar syrup, and popping boba. Overall, for the price you're paying ($31.99) it is one of the best deals you're getting for hot pot, especially in Boston. 10/10 recommend!

Made a reservation for 7PM (you can make a reservation if you have a party of 6 or more) and arrived around 6:45PM. The restaurant was pretty busy and didnt seat us until 7:15 but understandable.Once we were seated, they took our broth and meat orders quickly which is great considering how busy it was! It is now AYCE, so we went to get our drinks (soft drinks included with the price) and veggies/seafood. Considering it is AYCE the selection of food is very fresh. When we got back to the table, the broth was already at the table and so was the meat! Such quick service . After leaving all the food at the table, we went to the sauce station to make our sauces. The broth is just as I remembered it, the best broth out of all the hotpot places I've been to. The meat was also delicious (we got the beef, pork and lamb) and fresh. Happy lamb is very worth it for AYCE and one of the better ones especially if you like their broth. If you want some more exotic items, like ox tongue or pigs brain, they have a VIP pricing. Will definitely be back!

Wanted to try this location for a change since we go to the Chinatown location so often. I was surprised at how much bigger the space is compared to the Chinatown one. And the vibes are definitely more intimate and dark like Tavern in the Square. The wait time was not bad, probably 20 minutes. We heard they had a bigger selection of buffet items, but I think it's mostly the seafood section. We got what we usually did and there was no difference in quality. Still the best broth and high quality produce. Probably the only thing I like more here is that they keep the glass noodles long

Good value but the food selection was just okay. The wait is not that too bad compared to a few other hot pot places in the area. So I would say it is a good backup option if you are hungry and not too picky.

My idea of a perfect night out is this AYCE hot pot at Happy Lamb! It costs about $30pp for dinner on a weekend, and I think it's well worth it since you'll definitely leave feeling full. We got the half/half broth with tomato broth and bone broth. For meats, we tried one of everything (they had several beef options, pork, and chicken). Surprisingly the chicken was really good because it was thinly sliced and soaked up all the flavors. The beef options were also especially good. They also have shrimp meatballs at the buffet which is a great option to eat shrimp without having to deal with peeling them. We got a generous helping of veggies and noodles and had a wonderful feast. Note that the servers will refill the broth if you ask. I also appreciate that they let you hang your coats in the foyer so they don't end up smelling like hot pot.To compare it to Spring Shabu (which is the other AYCE hot pot option nearby), Happy Lamb includes meat in their set price. They also have really good plum tea, but unfortunately no green tea soft serve like Spring Shabu.

We were super excited when we found out that this Happy Lamb location started offering all-you-can-eat hot pot. The regular AYCE option is $31.99 per person on weekends. There's also a more expensive VIP option that comes with premium meats like ribeye, but we thought there were already plenty of options available with the regular option. They have a self service area where you can choose from many different vegetables, seafood, tofu, balls, and side dishes like fried rice. The Shrimp Paste here is delicious and a must try. They also have desserts like fried buns with condensed milk and a bing fen (jelly) dessert bar with boba included! This is our new favorite AYCE hot pot in Boston. A much better deal than Spring Shabu since the meats and seafood are included in the price.

Yummy! This location is so much more worth it than the New Jersey location. The shrimp paste is so good and the drink options are also delicious! Come in clothes you absolutely do not might stinking up though.

