One of my favorite restaurants in boston. So affordable and a great place for college students to eat out. I would recommend the spicy wontons (i get this everytime) and the spicy mala pot. The beef stir fry is also amazing.

i will say that the food is delicious and that is the one good thing i have to say. the staff is incredibly rude, do not expect good customer service here. my friend and I waited outside the restaurant due to the  door being stuck, the staff watched us struggle to open it with no assistance. there were no pleasantries or hospitality. while i understand the importance of tipping, you do not get a tip for rude service. after not providing a tip to the waitress she turned around without a word and ran to her coworkers and started talking about my friend and I.   Again, the food is great but don't expect hospitality.

Been to this place for countless times for mala. It never disappoints. The flavor hits every time; you can choose spice level and meat and veggies to put in your mala. There will definitely be a wait on weekday nights - you can get on a waitlist. The food comes out pretty fast considering the amount of orders (both dine in and takeout) they get and the service has been good so far. I've tried their other dishes and everything has been good so far.

One of my favorite spots to eat in Boston to this day. The dry pot with the fish fillet is the best!

Ordered this for the first time the other day and was very impressed! The spicy cold noodles are amazing but everything we got had great flavor! It was absolutely packed when we picked up our food and i understand why!

My friend wanted to take me to one of her favorite restaurants in Allston, Mala restaurant and I finally got the chance to stop by. It was very chill and walk in and take a seat vibes. No frills, just good food.You can order your food via a QR code and the food comes out quick. Their menu was extensive, there were a lot of items to get specifically from their bbq category which were so cheap. The noodle dishes were between $10 to $14 and they were a good size where you'll have leftovers. I don't even like beans but the string beans were so tasty with whatever sauce/seasoning they put on them plus had a very nice crunchy texture to it. Nothing really spicy except for the Dan Dan noodles. I enjoyed everything except for the crab pork bun which tasted quite fishy for me. The staff were helpful when we were ready to check out and boxed everything nicely for us. Overall a great cheap spot that will leave you full and coming home with a second meal.FoodDan Dan NoodleBeef stir fried noodlesFried string beans Prices $Food 8Atmosphere 5Service 7

I had an incredibly frustrating experience at this restaurant. After waiting for an hour to receive my food, enduring a 45-minute wait at the store, the cashier's rude and bad attitude added to my disappointment. The prolonged delay and poor service have left me extremely upset. I won't be returning to this restaurant.

Good place for groups, as there is a lot of seating. The portion sizes are also decent for the price. The food definitely has a kick that creeps up on you, so be warned if you can't eat spicy well.

Great authentic Chinese food nestled in the heart of Allston village. Right next door to the famous Varlo's Cucina. We had the fish filet with sour picked vegetables. Was a great meal for 2. Very authentic Chinese sichuan cuisine.

best wontons i've ever had, it's a must order!! the crab was a little lacking in flavor but it was very decently priced for the amount but the waitress was very nice about changing flavoring of it even after ordering. mala pot was pretty good and even though we got mild it was still spicy ‍‍

