Very tiny place for ramen. Service is quick and not a place really meant for a long dinner. Typically, there's a line but we came early enough on a Sunday so the wait was maybe 5-10 minutes. I got the toroniku ramen with egg on the side and it was pretty good. The soup is flavorful and the chasu pork is very tender. I often come back here if I'm looking for a quick ramen fix in Boston.

I was in the area and wanted ramen so I came here. I've had Santouka at Harvard Square a couple of times and it was great so I was excited about this location. It's a franchise so it should be relatively the same. We got here at 5 PM so there wasn't a line for this super tiny establishment. The place seemed a little run down but the service was quick. The food was decent; it didn't wow me like it did when I visited the Harvard Square location many years ago. Overall, it's an alright place to get your ramen fix. Worth it if there's no line.

BTS Yoongi here !!! Came in and they knew who i was but didn't take a picture !!! Certified Bussss ‍ARMY make sure to eat here

Long time ramen lover with a seething passion for extremely traditional, in most cases imported, authentic ingredients in taste. Ive had hundreds of bowls all over the country, in all different styles from all over Japan. Those are my credentials. This spot is now in my top 3 all-time. I appreciate the menu's attention to detail and intent for authenticity. The small size of the restaurant (2 tables) means that focus and integrity in the kitchen can be preserved. The asian guy waiter was incredibly nice and handled pressure really well. I was impressed how kind he was when the restaurant was packed with a line out the door. It really made us feel welcome. The hispanic waiter seemed to not be enjoying his job at all. Luckily I was served by the former.The toroniku ramen was absurdly good.

Ordered a bowl of neginanaban and vegetarian ramen to go. My food was ready really fast and the servers were all so nice. My food was packed in such a way that the noodles were separated from the broth to keep from getting soggy and the soup stayed hot. The broth for both was so creamy and both were so yum. Can't wait for another bowl.

I would give zero stars if possible. First, the service is suck. I came in with my friend and my friend runs a little bit late so I came in first for the table of two. This restaurant is super small and doesn't allow you to seat in only if two people show up. So I have to WAIT OUTSIDE about 1 min for my friend then I can come in and seat. That's fucking ridiculous and I never encounter this situation. And the server kept asking are you doing ok to urge us to leave. Second the food is terrible. The noodle feel like instant noodle and pork contains a lot of fat and it's not ramen taste. I don't know why this place so popular and worth you to wait in line. And force tipping at least 18%! How could you charge with this terrible service and food. What a shame.

This place did not disappoint  We came on a Tuesday right after they opened at 11am. There were 4 total customers, including us, at that point. When we were there , there were two sets of tables , each set could seat 6. And 4 or 5 seats at a counter. The service was quick, attentive and welcoming. I ordered the shio ramen (large) which came with slices of chashu. It was the perfect fix for a winter time mid-day meal. Best ramen I've had in Boston. Extremely reasonable in price, for just off Newbury St, and such high quality noodles, broth, and chashu. Enjoy!

A tiny restaurant that serves some delicious ramen. I had bookmarked this restaurant for my Boston trip and coincidentally it was the same restaurant my friends whom I was visiting wanted to take me to. So it speaks for the popularity of this restaurant. I am happy to say it lived up to the expectations.I went for the Kara Miso Ramen and my husband tried the Shoyu Ramen. I found both the flavors to be distinct and comforting. But, I did notice that their quantity of noodles compared to the broth was more than what I have seen at other ramen restaurants nonetheless it was well cooked. I went for the medium size and the quantity was perfect for me. The restaurant is quite popular and my friends who brought me here said there is always a line. However, the line was moving fast and the smaller the group you have, the faster you will get seated. I think we just had to wait 10 minutes apprx for a table of 4. Their service is quick and the server was very pleasant. They have family style seating so you may end up sharing your table with other groups.

Definitely one of my favorite, go-to ramen restaurants in the Boston area. This location is perfectly centered in Back Bay, right next to many other restaurants/shops, which unfortunately means there is usually a line to get in, especially if you're visiting on a weekend. In my experience, it usually doesn't take too long to get seated, but I typically arrive early. The restaurant is VERY tiny, with only a few tables, so expect to be sitting very close (or at the same table) as strangers. If you're looking for an intimate, romantic date night spot I would not recommend this place. However, the real star of the show here is the food. I typically order their shio or shoyu ramen, but recently ordered their seasonal specialty Tan-Tan Men for the first time which had a delicious broth and flavor combinations. My biggest complaint was that this dish didn't have very much meat for the price point, so I'd probably stick to ordering one of their standard ramen next time. Still, this place will leave you feeling full and satisfied especially if you're a fan of traditional Japanese food.

Very rude customer service overall. Food was alright and atmosphere was very hectic as it was too cramped.

