Hearty food however service left something to be desired. When we called ahead, we were told on the phone that the line was out of the door and that they cannot guarantee when we will be seated. We arrived and we were seated immediately with no line (which was a nice surprise). The staff all proceeded to rush us throughout the entire meal and it came off unpleasantly. Anyways, yes, remember to season your broth!

Arrived late afternoon to have a Korean warm soup dish. A perfect rainy day for a warm dish of beef broth soup. The place is simple nothing fancy. Just same as most of the restaurants around here. I had a combination order of Galbitang with Samgyupsal; a bone broth rib soup with grilled pork belly on the side; it was a delicious combination.  The amount of food was more than enough for an adult and taste was excellent, meaning it had the traditional flavor of the soup same as in Korea. The service was also very attentive. Checking often for your comfort.  Had a pleasant late lunch in time in here.

This was my second time coming here. Both times I really wanted to love it, but I was left underwhelmed.   I thought everything was a bit bland down to the banchan. I did enjoy the flavor of the LA Galbi, but it was extremely chewy to the point it was hard and annoying to eat. As someone who absolutely loves galbi, I was disappointed. The food wasn't bad, but I don't think I'd come back.

Yummy! This place has very tasty and hearty Korean soul food. If you don't mind dishing out a bit of money, try their combination specials. Yes, this place is on the pricey side, but for the amount of food you will get, the friendly service, and the side dishes, I think it's worth the price!

Seoul Soulongtan definitely serves the best comforting soup for the soul Most of the soups taste similar because they use the same broth so your choice will just depend on which meats you prefer in your soup! They also have soups that are medium and spicy level that I would love to come back and try, as well as some bibimbap rice dishes‍I was really surprised at the size of the dumpling soup special because it was the same cost of the other combos on the menu but the soup was significantly bigger! It's definitely a 2-3 serving portion of soup and I'm very excited having it as leftoversThe kalbitang is a beef broth soup with premium short ribs and vermicelli noodles served with a bowl of rice on the side.The samgyupsal and jaeyook bokkum both served pork in different enjoyable ways The jaeyook bokkum tasted best eaten with rice while the samgyupsal was fun to eat in lettuce and then dipped in soybean paste sauce!

My friend and I (party of 2) got the kalbitang and LA kalbi combination and the bossam. The kalbi tang is light and definitely a comfort food. The LA kalbi was flavorful but a bit too sweet for my personal taste. The bossam was soft but it could be spiced up a bit more. Overall, pretty standard Korean food!The restaurant has a good amount of seating. We didn't need to wait for a Friday dinner. Service was quick.

As the weather gets colder, the desire to have a hearty hot bowl of soup begins to build up in a matter of seconds every single hour I'm awake. It's a fiend that has to be constantly fed and/or suppressed less it unleashes wrathful hell on everything around it. That's how this establishment made it to one of my lists of must-visits during the colder months. They serve a rather unique broth for those new to this particular style of Korean soups - really hearty but really clean, seemingly flavorless but also bold once enough salt is introduced.My introduction to the dish Seolleongtang took place almost two decades ago. I was sick - very sick - and had absolutely no appetite (an obvious recipe for further disaster). A close friend's grandmother found out and made a large pot's worth of this broth and "demanded" that she force me to consume a lot of it. I still laugh when I think about it especially my friend's facial expressions when she showed up with it. Long story short, she didn't need much effort to convince me. The clean scent was enough for me to be willing try it; the gentle but hearty contrast was enough for me to keep going until most of the pot was gone. It sure got me up and well again overnight and made me a permanent fan of this potent broth.Seolleongtang is pretty much the same almost everywhere except for the spice condiments that they offer with it. As I prefer mine just with sea salt, I'm just happy whenever there is a place that serves a decent portion of it whenever the weather is cold. If you've never had this soup before, I'd definitely recommend it to nourish your soul. My only tip is...don't hesitate to keep adding salt until the flavor pops for you.

Hands down one of my favorite Korean spots in the Allston-Brighton area. Despite always being busy when I've stopped in, the service is always prompt and efficient. I've since moved away and into the Metrowest suburbs, but if I'm in the area, there's a good chance I'm stopping here for seollongtang. The seafood pancake is also very good. In addition, I'm always impressed by how generous the restaurant is with the number of complementary banchan side dishes they bring you. If you're looking for a delicious bowl of soup or plate of Korean barbecue especially during the cold Boston winters, this is a solid pick.

Food was okay. The service is the worst I've ever gotten in my whole life. When we ordered food, the waitress has the shittiest attitude ever and barely provided any service throughout the whole meal.

Charming old school Korean restaurant. We absolutely enjoy the seafood pancake, really large. For our main entrees, we had the amazing cold noodles, which were my absolute favorite. The short rib and soup was good too with rice. Banchans were good and unlimited. The restaurant itself was slightly too hot that night where we were sweating. It is best to sit near the front, it is much cooler.

